lalala oh I'm really high up hey where's
that coming from
oh my god the Cunha what are you doing
up there huh oh hi Frankie do you have
any idea how dangerous that is you're
gonna get yourself killed
oh don't be stupid I'm not gonna fall
well you could go to jail for being up
there do you know how sacred that
sculptor's yeah yeah sculpture of a
giant keyboard really sacred get down I
don't want a dead friend oh wait we are
all dead
well I'm up here and you're down there
so you can't make me and then doobie doo
doo why do these keys not even work well
I have to go get someone
what do you mean she's on the sculpture
just look okay Saguna yes yes what is it
now oh my god she really is up there how
did you get up there but I flew duh what
the hell is she talking about
my god she must have been drinking um no
I haven't see monsters always respect
their body well I don't care I'm gonna
have to call the cops if you don't get
down right now well I'm not getting down
until my true love comes and saves me
what who's her true love my god Cameron
until then I'm just gonna tiptoe around
this lovely sculpture sakuni's stop
don't go any closer to the edge calm
down
have a sense of balance you know I have
to get help
uh Laguna she want me to get Cameron cuz
I think that would just be a whole lot
easier
raising your star I love you thank you
okie dokie to do two two two rude
dangerous Laguna I brought Cameron for
you oh my god girl what are you doing up
there I'm waiting for you cami please
come and save me how did you even get up
there well that doesn't matter cuz I've
just been waiting for you to come and
save me
plus I uh don't really know how to get
down uh shouldn't we call the police no
cam I want you to save me oh don't worry
I got you just hold on oh my god they're
both insane Frankie what are you doing
up there what are you doing you're
ruining my plans I'm trying to save you
oh my god whoo look what you've gotten
us into
Effy mistaken it was actually your fault
Holy Mother of fashion what fashion uh
did you not notice two of your best
friends just fell from a building oh my
god
hold on Laguna I'll get us out of this
somehow you better get us out of this
because you got us into this don't start
that again we both know who got us into
this chill ladies Oh catch you if you
fall
oh goody don't even think about it
chilly
Oh cami um guys don't help here
Oh
don't it don't endure well that was fun